

Prelude:

oc get routes -n ansible-automation-platform for getting AAP dashboard URL.
 I get rranjan-lab-ansible-automation-platform.apps-crc.testing

oc get secret rranjan-lab-admin-password -n ansible-automation-platform -o jsonpath='{.data.password}' | base64 -d; echo

Step 1:

hello/mytester.yaml all over again 
In Automation Execution:
New project: rajjobs
Org Default 
SCM Type git 
Source Control URL https://github.com/srranjan/newmesh/
As it is a public repos, credentials not needed for this.
Also Did not select content Signature Validation
Default Execution Environment

Create a rajinventory with Default project etc.

Within this rajinventory, created a group myhosts.
Within this myhosts, creating host of 192.168.172.138 (only 1 for now, later may add more)

Now, let us go to Automation Execution -> Infrastructure -> Credentials to create a credential:
Please note, many of the menu items are under both Automation Execution and Automation Decision, and you need to be careful
under which hierarchy you are adding your things. E.g., in all the above inventory, group hosts and hosts etc., our 
context is Automation Execution and NOT Automation decision (which probably will come into play for rulebooks etc.). Be careful!
rajcred
Org Default
Creditential type: Machine
And here is the real thing for credentials, of the 3 alternatives - Username, SSH Priate Key and Signed SSH Cert,
we shall use the second one and upload the private rsa key (though probably the Username with Linux password might also 
work, but we shall not take the chance, as we had already gone through the hassle of ssh configuration)
In our case private passphrase etc. is not relevant.

Next, let us try to create a template.
Create job template 
rajjobtmpl
job type Run
Project Default
Inventory rajinventory
Project rajjobs
Execution environment Default execution environment 
Playbook      hello/mytester.yaml
Credentials: rajcred|Machine
Extra Variables:
---
folder_name: "my_test"
folder_state: "directory"

I create with my above explicit values, though there are so many other which I don't use (and keep defaults, where 
applicable).

Moment of truth: Testing time. Launch rajjobtmpl
Initially, it failed, a very small mistake - where I set the rajcred with private key upload, though I am not using 
password, the Unix username for the RedHat host still needs to be added.
So, I did that, and it was successful, the whole thing validated, a brand new folder my_test is created in the home 
folder ~.

