Foray into eda


. ./setcrc.sh

We are not doing crc start here, which has already been done and the server is running. Also, not doing oc login as 
developer or as kubeadmin.
But we do this:

eval $(crc oc-env)

which oc


Help of tips_OpenShift and/or tips_aap
May be use oc get pods -n ansible-automation-platform  to see pods are healthy.

oc get secret rranjan-lab-admin-password -n ansible-automation-platform -o jsonpath='{.data.password}' | base64 -d; echo
This command gives you AAP admin password, which is different from OpenShift kubeadmin, of course. 
This admin password will help you login to AAP dashboard.

oc get routes -n ansible-automation-platform for getting AAP dashboard URL.
 I get rranjan-lab-ansible-automation-platform.apps-crc.testing 

After login to AAP gui:
Project rajeda created.


Select execution environment
Source control type Git 
Organization Default
Default Execution Environment

Did not select content Signature Validation
Source control URL https://github.com/srranjan/newmesh
Rest all defautls or empty

No Source control Credential (as this is a public repository)
Probably the above new project is done wrongly, this project needes to be created under Automation Decision.(IMPORTANT) 
Probably the above new project is done wrongly, this project needes to be created under Automation Decision. 
For that, I created another one rajeda1
Another thing found was that you should place your rulebooks in a subfolder rulebooks under the root folder (there is another 
option like  name: extensions/eda/rulebooks ).
Probably a best practice: Place playbooks used by rulebook in a sibling playbooks subfolder.

Next stop in GUI: Automation Decsions -> Decision Environments

Create decision environment  
rajedaenv
I am trying this for image : registry.redhat.io/ansible-automation-platform-24/de-supported-rhel8:latest

Currently, I am not using Credentials for registry.redhat.io, but right now it is not complaining.

Because I did git push and pull and merge, I did a sync for rajeda1 !!
Create rulebook activation:
rajrules
Org: default
Project rajeda1
Now rulebook logicrouter.yaml is being recogzined (as we created a rulebooks folder in git and place it inside that!!).
Decision environment :  rajedaenv

Rest all defaults (including no Variables).
Unexpected server error; Contact your system admin!!!
Create rulebook activation:

A small note: From logicrouter.yaml to logicrouter1.yaml, only a small change - transferring the inventory reference from playbooks to rulebooks. 







